Hi.
First of all, let me get this out there that I am super excited about this website, I come from a very conservative art world and the 
absolute un-professionalness of this site makes the rebel in me very happy. 
I'm telling you this so that you can lean into any static/jumpy
flaws that might arise from working in older style. Like I said when we first discussed, even though it is bad form, you can design this in tables.
I gridded my design to accomidate that style. A few of the gifs need to be mirrored (they say flipped) and from what I understand you have to
use CSS for that, but I would like to keep as much of the code in html for purity's sake. I'd like to brag about our creation's authenticity.

I fully realize cross browser compatibility will be a problem, and we can handle that when it arises. Mobile compatibility might be non-existent.
It would be great if it just looked insane on a phone.

I'm sure you'll have lots of questions for me but I am going to do my best below to be as descriptive as possible.

Attached is the mockup in jpeg form. I have this file set at 1025x775 in the hopes that that format would be good for most monitors.
I designed it to be a little spacious on the width so if a monitor squeezes it in it should be ok (except maybe up around the Welcome.gif).

Also attached is a map for the mockup of all the files which I have included in the folder. There is one single piece of text on the whole page, links.
Every single other thing is a .gif except the background, which is jpeg. You might have to play with the transparency of the background if you feel it's
too distracting.

The gifs are not sized to fit my mockup....if this is a problem I can resize. 

Also in the file is a .mp3 of a midi file, it is public domain. I would like that on the page with no play,mute or stop button. 

I did not include anything for the visitor counter. You can probably just find one online? I trust you to pick an appropriate style.

I think the obvious choice for cursor would be skull.gif (somehow skulls ended up being my theme).Also do you want something like a .png file for the browser icon?

Do I need to write a description for the SEO?

I would like to make welcome.gif, doyoudare.gif and alexgif.gif links to the 'gallery' page we will design next. There will also be a link to it under links called 
"gallery".




Gallery thoughts

I'm thinking of making .gifs (I know, does everything have to be a gif?) of all the paintings that start out pixelated and resolve into a modern sized image... 
How bad are pop-ups? I guess most browsers don't allow them without permissions? There needs to be some information about each painting, size medium etc. and
I'd rather not do it in text on the gallery page. It would be great if somehow you could click on the image and see a really high resolution form and the information
about it... to keep the simplicity of the gallery page just being a long scroll through images. 

